So, the type of student that I was in college, in high school and in elementary
school, it varied. It was kind of like a sine wave. So, when
I was in elementary school, I always took tests and they always said
that I was like very very high achieving or something like that.
I always scored really high on my IQs, so I got the impression that
I was a really bright kid. In high school, it kind of dipped down.
I was a little bit more independent. I stopped doing my homework. I
stopped listening to teachers. I started hanging out with friends a
lot more. So, my 4.0s and 3.8s started going down to you know, very
very low. That's one of the reason that I didn't go to college right
away. I think many people in the nuclear field like I'm in had a very
similar story. I'd say more than half the people had that story.
They were bright as kids but they kind of somehow lost their way, ended
up going to community college and then going to the military or
some other situation. So, going through the military actually helped
me out a lot because it taught me a lot of self discipline, a lot of
reasons to get motivated to study a lot. So, after I finished my active
duty Navy career, I went back to college and I was on par. I started
doing well with the smarts that I was given.